Bitcoin, what you need to know.

// Notices
(1) You need to educate yourself if you want to get into the bitcoin industry I guess I can call it.
(2) I am no expert in bitcoin, as a matter of fact, this guide is for newbies who want to get into bitcoin.
(3) Since I'm that lazy to download Notepad++, I will have spelling mistakes. I'm using regular notepad.exe.
(4) IMPORTANT - Bitcoin is BANNED in some countries. If you need to know where Bitcoin is allowed, please visit the following site:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Legality_of_bitcoin_by_country
Don't ask, Bitcoin is legal in the United States, but government officials are wary about Bitcoin and could possibly ban it if they wanted to,
but they would need good proof for it to be banned.

// Introduction
Bitcoin, is a decentralized digital currency. Bitcoin is the most popular digit currencey. Bitcoin is accepted many places. Places like Shops,
online purchasing such as Newegg, and best of all, you can send bitcoin to other people. Bitcoin has 5 Pros to this rather than alternetives.
Bitcoin is cheap, You can send people Bitcoin without going through a bank or clearance house before transaction is made, The fees are lower,
You can use Bitcoin all around the world, and Bitcoin is open source so anyone can view the code!


// How transactions are verified?
Bitcoin transactions are verified by miners <-- (we will talk about that soon.). Plus this part might be wrong, please tell me if this is wrong.
Bitcoin transactions are divided into blocks. Miners verify the transactions and make their disissions about it. Some miners could be corrupt
and falsely deny or allow a transaction. That's why transaction blocks are verified by many others instead of just one.

// What can be Bitcoin illegal for?
Black markets mostly is the most common illegal part of the Bitcoin. Black markets are highly illegal and can be grounds for arrest if caught
hosting a black market or buying anything from one. If you buy illegal black market stuff, you can be arrested depending on what did you
purchase and/or how much did you purchase? If you are caught hosting a black market site, you can be arrested for life, depending on what
stuff is avaliable to be purchased and/or how many buyers and/or visitors do you have on the illegal site. Bitcoin is legal, just don't
purchase illegal stuff and you will be fine.

This guide will be updated every couple hours. Currently, this is enough information to get people started on what is Bitcoin. At around 16:30
Eastern Time United States, I will write more to this.

Want to reupload this? Contact me at elithegamer52@gmail.com
If you are caught illegally re uploading my work, I will DMCA take down the stuff.